okay I have a rainbow of primary colors
primary and I guess the print primaries
is well red yellow green cyan blue and
magenta so I've got RGB and I've got
yellow cyan and magenta if I ask for a
curve and I drop the red and you can see
that the red goes away
the yellow becomes green because there
was red in the yellow now it's the same
as green and the blue and the magenta
are the same because there used to be
red in the magenta as well and that's
gone if I ask for a black and white
adjustment layer then the first thing it
does is it comes in with a bunch of
default weights 40 60 40 60 20 80 and
you can see that that makes this into a
series of different Gray's that kind of
look nice because they're somewhat based
or they're they're largely based on how
we think they should look so the some of
the brighter colors are brighter Gray's
but if we make this 0 and this 0 and
this 0 and this 0 and this 0 and this 0
we can see that one of the things that's
interesting about the black and white
adjustment layer is that it's very
targeted the red slider addresses red
the green slider addresses green the
yellow slider addresses yellow and
there's no crosstalk between these
different channels because I'm using
very saturated primaries but it seems
like it does something like address
these colors I'm guessing addressee puts
these colors into a higher dimensional
space where it does sort of a dot
product between the color that you're
interested in the color that you have on
your in your image and decides how much
of this color is in that color in higher
than just RGB 3-dimensional space
that would be my guess but what's
interesting about this is that it's
useful for playing around with color
even though and I don't mean the tint
thing down here that's something
different that basically takes the gray
puts a tint into it and then when it
goes white it goes that loses its color
again and notice that the color that it
becomes has nothing to do with the color
that it started as you can make that
slider whatever you want it to be so
that has to do with tinting black and
white images that's not what I'm talking
about what I'm talking about is taking
the different components of yellow or
green or cyan or blue tinting them back
to their original proper colors and
combining them together to form an image
I'll show you what I mean in a minute
okay I have a full color image and I've
put this sort of rainbow of primaries
into the corner so that we can see
what's going on here's the image and
I've put a black and white adjustment
layer on top of it and I've set that
adjustment layer such that it emphasizes
red so red is it a hundred percent
yellow and everything else is at zero
percent you can see over here in the
rainbow red is white and everything else
is black not really sure what it does
with the mid-tones or the less saturated
colors it seems to sort of leave them
alone and attack mainly the more
saturated colors if you make that and
that and that negative 200 or or better
still if I what I'm trying to say is if
I make everything zero including the red
I don't have a black image even though
all the primaries are black so I'm not
really sure exactly what it's doing but
I'm gonna press onward
there's red at a hundred percent and now
I'm gonna tint it by red so that's
multiplied by the color red there it is
and that forms what I'm calling the red
group I do the same thing with green and
I screen the red group onto the green
group and the green group is screened
onto the blue group
so here's the green contribution added
and here is the blue contribution added
so you can see that we've reconstructed
a full-color image except that while red
fully saturated red is present and green
is present and blue is present the
saturated yellow saturated sands and
saturated magentas are not present so it
makes it seems to make kind of an
interesting sort of antique
old-fashioned color image look might be
useful for something I want to play with
killing the blue entirely going into the
green group and making the green color
cyan there's a cyan filter and going
into the black-and-white node and taking
the green down to zero and boosting the
cyan up to a hundred percent and I'm
wondering if that is kind of a decent
recipe for what's called the two strip
Technicolor process that was used in
reconstructed in movies like The Aviator
but used in old-fashioned movies I tried
one more where instead of screening
together or adding together red green
and blue I got the contributions from
the cyan magenta and yellow channels or
color separations and multiplied them
together so what I did was I take the
original image take the original image I
invert it I apply this black and white
procedure to get the contribution from
the yellow tint it yellow
and then I invert it again and that
becomes Group one and when I do the same
thing for group 2 and group 3 and
multiply them all together I get this
image and just for the heck of it I
boosted the brightness a little bit and
I goose the saturation just a little bit
but you can see that from this kind of
color primary rainbow here that red
green and blue or what's being
represented and the yellow cyan magenta
are are white so I guess they're hyper
represented I'm not quite sure what that
means and you can see from looking at
the image that everything has been
pushed toward either red or green or
blue